Version Note (#3031)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.notices.producers.mdx

      topic = 'gcn.notices.mission'
      # JSON data converted to byte string format
      data = json.dumps({
          '$schema': 'https://gcn.nasa.gov/schema/vX.Y.Z/gcn/notices/mission/SchemaName.schema.json',
          'key': 'value'
      }).encode()
      producer.produce(topic, data)
      producer.flush()
      ```

>       Please make sure to indicate the version of the schema they have validated against.

Reviewer: mention vX.Y.Z

Reviewer 2: "version of the schema they have validated against" is worded very cryptically.

>       Please indicate the most recent schema version (i.e. vX.Y.Z.) notices have been validated to be compatible with

Author: ```suggestion
      Please indicate the latest recent schema version i.e. vX.Y.Z. (instead of directing to the main) against which the notices for this mission have been validated.
```

      topic = 'gcn.notices.mission'
      # JSON data converted to byte string format
      data = json.dumps({
          '$schema': 'https://gcn.nasa.gov/schema/vX.Y.Z/gcn/notices/mission/SchemaName.schema.json',
          'key': 'value'
      }).encode()
      producer.produce(topic, data)
      producer.flush()
      ```

>       **Note**: Please indicate the latest schema version i.e. vX.Y.Z. against which the mission schema has been validated, rather than referring to the main branch.

Author: > Please try a USWDS [Alert](https://trussworks.github.io/react-uswds/?path=/story/components-alert--info) to draw attention to this instruction.
> 
> Also, some grammatical corrections:

<img width="807" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-17 at 3 04 19 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c9f7da5-837a-475a-b943-7500d5a6fdc8" />

Does it look good?

      producer.produce(topic, data)
      producer.flush()
      ```

>       Please indicate the most recent schema version (i.e. vX.Y.Z.) notices have been validated to be compatible with

Reviewer 2: - Do not end a sentence with a  preposition.
- Add terminating punctuation so that this is a complete sentence.

Author: I didn't implement these changes, it was Tyler's suggestion.
